round out comparison (#3710)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/comparison.mdx

- **Managed:** deploy to [LangSmith managed cloud](/oss/langgraph/deploy) with [`deepagents deploy`](/oss/deepagents/deploy).
- **Self-hosted:** run [`langgraph build`](/langsmith/cli#build) to produce a [standalone Docker image](/langsmith/deploy-standalone-server) you can deploy anywhere.

<Tip>

>     [Claude managed agents](https://platform.claude.com/docs/en/managed-agents/overview) is easy to get started with. If you want a similar low-friction path in the LangChain stack, use [LangSmith Fleet](/langsmith/fleet/index).

Reviewer: I think this probably belongs in https://docs.langchain.com/oss/python/deepagents/deploy#compare-to-claude-managed-agents?

>     [Claude managed agents](https://platform.claude.com/docs/en/managed-agents/overview) is easy to get started with. If you want a similar low-friction path in the LangChain stack, use [LangSmith Fleet](/langsmith/fleet/index).

Author: I thought we discussed to take a broader approach to the comparison? 
```suggestion
    Claude managed agents are easy to get started with. If you want a similar low-friction path in the LangChain stack, use [LangSmith Fleet](/langsmith/fleet/index). For more information, see [Compare Deployments to Claude managed agents](https://docs.langchain.com/oss/python/deepagents/deploy#compare-to-claude-managed-agents).
```

Author: ```suggestion
    [Claude managed agents](https://platform.claude.com/docs/en/managed-agents/overview) work well within the Anthropic ecosystem; for a similar low-friction, model-agnostic path in LangChain, use [LangSmith Fleet](/langsmith/fleet/index).
```

</Tip>

### LLM

Claude Agent SDK execution bundles the model, backend, and deployment and optimizes support between all three.

With Deep Agents, you pick the model provider, the execution backend, and the deployment target independently. By choosing this harness you retain maximum flexibility in your choice of model and infrastructure.

### Ecosystems

The Claude Agent SDK is purpose-built for Claude and Anthropic’s product surface. If you are already standardizing on the Anthropic ecosystem (Claude API and related platform features), staying on the official SDK can mean fewer moving parts, a single vendor for agent features and support, and documentation that assumes the same stack end to end.

## Summary

- **Choose Deep Agents** if you want model and infrastructure flexibility, built-in multi-tenant deployment, and the option to run managed or self-hosted without code changes.

> - **Choose Claude Agent SDK** if you are already invested in the Anthropic ecosystem and can use Claude Managed agents or wish to self-host and build the API, auth, and multi-tenant layers yourself.

Reviewer: I think we should remove the part about Claude Managed Agents here, as its a completely separate product

Author: ```suggestion
- **Choose Claude Agent SDK** if you are already invested in the Anthropic ecosystem and wish to self-host and build the API, auth, and multi-tenant layers yourself.
```
